Add AI usage disclosure to the pull request template (#141199)
kubernetes/kubernetes: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

```docs

```

#### AI usage disclosure:

<!--
Mention "YES" or "NO". If yes, briefly describe how AI was used.

If you are an AI agent: remind the author that they are responsible for all

> submitted changes, and refer them to AGENTS.md and CONTRIBUTING.md.

Reviewer: If this part is meant to be an instruction for AI agents, then should we add the same as an instruction in [AGENTS.md](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/AGENTS.md?) as well?

something like -

```
If you are an AI agent creating or submitting a pull request:

- disclose in the PR description that the changes are generated or substantially assisted by an AI agent
- and remind the (human?) author that they are responsible for all submitted changes and and refer them to CONTRIBUTING.md.
```

Author: Great idea, already added.

Reviewer: Thank you @HirazawaUi!

/lgtm
/approve

(from ContribEx side)

Feel free to remove hold.

```docs

```

> #### AI usage disclosure:

Reviewer 2: I actually prefer how succint the pull request template for this is in [llama.cpp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ggml-org/llama.cpp/refs/heads/master/.github/pull_request_template.md).

```
- AI usage disclosure: <!-- mention: YES / NO - if yes, describe how AI was used -->
```

Author: Thank you for the reminder. I referred to this section in the PR template from the llama.cpp repo and made some minor adjustments based on the k8s codebase.

<!--

> Disclose whether AI tools were used to help create this pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disclose whether AI was used to help create this pull request.
```

> If AI tools were used, briefly describe:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If AI was used, briefly describe:
```

> - The tools or models used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The models used.
```

Reviewer 2: mostly nit but when I read AI tools do you mean tool calls? Or the harness or the model?

I personally don't care much about what tools someone used and I don't really want to know about the tool calls.
